.\" ** You probably do not want to edit this file directly **
.\" It was generated using the DocBook XSL Stylesheets (version 1.69.1).
.\" Instead of manually editing it, you probably should edit the DocBook XML
.\" source for it and then use the DocBook XSL Stylesheets to regenerate it.
.TH "POFILECONSISTENCY" "1" "06/30/2006" "" ""
.\" disable hyphenation
.nh
.\" disable justification (adjust text to left margin only)
.ad l
.SH "NAME"
POFileConsistency \- checks consistency in a collection of PO files
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP 18
\fBPOFileConsistency\fR [\fIOPTION\fR] [\fI...\fR] [\fIFILE\fR] [\fI...\fR]
.SH "INTRODUCTION"
.PP
POFileConsistency
checks consistency in a collection of PO files.
.SH "COMMAND LINE OPTIONS"
.TP
\fB\-\-help\fR or \fB\-h\fR
show usage instructions
.TP
\fB\-\-interactive\fR or \fB\-i\fR
interactive mode, iterate though the inconsistencies using a text mode interface; see the Interactive Mode section
.TP
\fB\-\-equivalent=\fR\fIfile\fR or \fB\-e \fR\fIfile\fR
load a file with a list of equivalent msgstr for a given msgid; can be used multiple times
.TP
\fB\-\-only\-empty\fR or \fB\-o\fR
only report inconsistencies with at least one of the translations empty
.TP
\fB\-\-match=\fR\fIstring\fR or \fB\-m \fR\fIstring\fR
only report inconsistencies if at least one of the files involved contain the given string
.TP
\fB\-\-strip\-chars=\fR\fIchars\fR or \fB\-r \fR\fIchars\fR
remove each of the chars from both msgid and msgstr before checking inconsistencies
.SH "INTERACTIVE MODE"
.PP
In interactive mode you iterate through each of the inconsistencies found. In each prompt you can press
Enter
to ignore this inconsistency, a number of a possible translation (1,
2, ...) to change all the translations to that text,
0
to input a text to use in all the translations,
l
to add the exception to each of the PO files, or, if you are using at least one equivalents file,
a
to add the exception to the first of those files.
.SH "PO FILE HEADER DIRECTIVES"
.PP
POFileConsistency
recognizes several PO file header directives. As with all gettext lint tools, these directives are all prefixed with
\fIX\-POFile\fR.
.TP
X\-POFile\-IgnoreConsistency: \fImsgid\fR
remove the given msgid from the list of messages to check
.TP
X\-POFile\-ConsistencyAlias: \fIstring1\fR \fIstring2\fR
replace all ocorrences of
\fIstring1\fR
with
\fIstring2\fR
before checking consistency
.SH "CONSISTENCY EQUIVALENTS FILE FORMAT"
.PP
This files consists of a series of empty line separated blocks. For example:
.sp
.nf
msgid 1
possible translation 1
possible translation 2
...
possible translation n

msgid 2
possible translation 1
possible translation 2
...
possible translation n
.fi
.SH "MORE INFORMATION"
.PP
gettext\-lint web page: http://gettext\-lint.sourceforge.net/
.SH "AUTHOR"
Pedro Morais. 
.br
<morais@kde.org>
