.\" ** You probably do not want to edit this file directly **
.\" It was generated using the DocBook XSL Stylesheets (version 1.69.1).
.\" Instead of manually editing it, you probably should edit the DocBook XML
.\" source for it and then use the DocBook XSL Stylesheets to regenerate it.
.TH "POFILESPELL" "1" "06/30/2006" "" ""
.\" disable hyphenation
.nh
.\" disable justification (adjust text to left margin only)
.ad l
.SH "NAME"
POFileSpell \- checks the spelling in a collection of PO files
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP 12
\fBPOFileSpell\fR [\fIOPTION\fR] [\fI...\fR] [\fIFILE\fR] [\fI...\fR]
.SH "INTRODUCTION"
.PP
POFileSpell
checks the spelling in a collection of PO files.
.SH "COMMAND LINE OPTIONS"
.TP
\fB\-\-help\fR or \fB\-h\fR
show usage instructions
.TP
\fB\-\-interactive\fR or \fB\-i\fR
interactive mode, iterate through the spelling errors using a text mode interface; see the Interactive Mode section
.TP
\fB\-\-overview\fR or \fB\-o\fR
generate an overview file, grouping by error and not by file
.TP
\fB\-\-dict=\fR\fIfile\fR or \fB\-d \fR\fIfile\fR
load a file with a list of words to consider correct; can be used multiple times
.TP
\fB\-\-batch\-add=\fR\fIfile\fR
load a file with a list of words to add to the X\-POFile\-SpellExtra section of each of the target PO files; can be used multiple times; when used, the actual spelling process is not run
.TP
\fB\-\-command=\fR\fIcommand\fR
the command used for actually spell checking the text, by default
\fBaspell \-\-encoding=utf\-8 \-l\fR; if you want to use
\fBispell\fR, try something like
\fB\-\-comand="ispell \-l"\fR
or
\fB\-\-comand="iconv \-t iso\-8859\-1 | ispell \-l"\fR
.SH "INTERACTIVE MODE"
.PP
In interactive mode you iterate through each of the errors found. In each prompt you can press
a
to add the word to a file's
\fIX\-POFile\-SpellExtra\fR
entry,
n
to ignore all further errors from this file,
Enter
to ignore this error or, if you are using one or more dictionary files, the number of the file (1,
2, ...) to add the word to that dictionary file.
.SH "PO FILE HEADER DIRECTIVES"
.PP
POFileSpell
recognizes one PO file header directive. As with all gettext lint tools, this directive is prefixed with
\fIX\-POFile\fR.
.TP
X\-POFile\-SpellExtra: \fIword\fR
adds the word to the file's list of accepted words
.SH "DICTIONARY FILE FORMAT"
.PP
Dictionary files are just lists of words, one on each line. For example:
.sp
.nf
word 1
word 2
...
word n
.fi
.SH "MORE INFORMATION"
.PP
gettext\-lint web page: http://gettext\-lint.sourceforge.net/
.SH "AUTHOR"
Pedro Morais. 
.br
<morais@kde.org>
